## Purpose: This project acts as a task reminder or a place to store information in ways that they can be grouped. This project will look at allowing the user to enter information about a certain task, letting them store pieces of data and information that they might need later. The target audience for this project will be people that are often forgetful or people that need to write down the many tasks they have. This project will be especially useful for people if they need to come back to something they are doing later, allowing them to pick off where they left off. It will also be useful for those who need to break down certain activities they may be undertaking. 

## Disclaimer: This project in no way makes any information stored safe on the users computer. Do NOT add any sensitive information to each task unless you are ok with that being on your computer. This project has no encryiption and any information stored will be publicly avaliable on you device and anyone who as access to it. This project is not linked to any online librarys or nor can anyone take the informationt from it unless they have access to your device. 

## Installing: To instal the program the user must first un-zip the folder they have been supplied with. Once unzipped the user should be able to view the contents which includes the following files; database.json, edit_icon_photoimage.png, information.json, information_photoimage.png, Login_window.py, main.py, off_photoimage.png, on_photoimage.png, password_photoimage.png, plus_photoimage.png, settings_photoimage.png, username_photoimage.png. If the user is missing any of these files the program will not run and will give many errors. Before opening the main.py file the user needs to have python install on their device, have and ide or run through the python console and have all libraries required installed. I personally reccomending using Visual Studio Code for this process. Make sure to install python on the device and the following python libraries; **Tkinter, functools, json and math**. Once all the libraries and python is installed on the device the user can now run the "main.py" file. This will run the file and if libraries are install the program should work. To find out how to use the program you can either use the inbuilt informaton button or you can refer to the next section of the readme file.

## Instructions for use: 
Instructions for use can be found as the test plan and also bellow. 
Login and select screen
- Enter the default username and password "Username" and "Password"
- Press the login button or press the enter key whilst in the password entry box
- You can now either go straight to your profile screen or you can enable / disable the information button
- To disable the information button click the "information button settings" button
    - Now either click the on switch to set it to off disabling the information button
    - Or click the off switch to set the value to on enabling the information button
- To get to the profile entry screen press "Select Profile"
Profile
- Selecting profiles: Click on the profile you want to enter, this take you the page where you can see all your tasks.
- Adding profiles: To add profiles press the grey button with the 'plus' in its centre. Once pressed a entry box with default text will appear. You can either change the text within or leave it blank. Once you are satisfied with the profile name you can enter the entry box and press the 'Enter' key on your keyboard.
- Change profile name: To change the name of a profile click 'Edit Profiles' located in the bottom right of the profile screen. Once selected you will now be prompted with a pop-up window. Inside this pop-up window you can select an Entry box, once inside the entry box you can edit and rename profile names. To save your changes press the 'Submit' button located at the bottom left. \nNote: You cannot enter duplicate names for profiles. \n\n- Deleting Profiles: To delete a profile, click on 'Edit Profiles' located in the bottom right of the profile screen. You will now have a pop-up window appear. On this window you will see a list of all your profiles and a combobox. Inside this combobox you can select one profile to delete it. To delete this profile press the button called 'Delete Profile'. You can do this step multiple times. To delete the profile from the program press the 'Submit' button. This will save your changes deleting any profiles selected and their contents. 
- Settings button: The settings button is located in the bottom right of the program. This button will take you back to the screen where you can edit your login (currently disabled), proceed to select profile screen or disable / enable the information button. ",
Task
- Selecting tasks: Click on the task you want to enter, this will take you to the individual task screen, where you can view all the extra bullet points within.
- Adding tasks: To add tasks press the grey button with the 'plus' in its centre. Once pressed a entry box with default text will appear. You can either change the text within or leave it blank. Once you are satisfied with the task name you can enter the entry box and press the 'Enter' key on your keyboard.
- Change Task name: To change the name of a task click 'Edit Profiles' button located in the bottom right of the task selection screen. Once selected you will now be prompted with a pop-up window. Inside this pop-up window you can select an Entry box, once inside the entry box you can edit and rename task names. To save your changes press the 'Submit' button located at the bottom left. \nNote: You cannot enter duplicate names for tasks. \n\n Deleting Tasks: To delete a task, click on 'Edit Profiles' located in the bottom right of the task selection screen. You will now have a pop-up window appear. On this window you will see a list of all your tasks and a combobox. Inside this combobox you can select one task to delete it. To delete this task press the button called 'Delete Profile'. You can do this step multiple times. To delete the task from the program press the 'Submit' button. This will save your changes deleting any tasks selected and their contents.
- Settings button: The settings button is located in the bottom right of the program. This button will take you back to the screen where you can edit your login (currently disabled), proceed to select profile screen or disable / enable the information button. "
